subtasks to get required information for task acceptance (#49)
SanteonNL/shared-care-planning: input/pagecontent/overview.md

{:.grid .table-hover}

In the first sequence diagram, Care Provider 1 has implemented the (optional) CP-Service role and is requesting Care Provider 2 to do a Task. As a Task MUST always be based on a CarePlan, so if there is none, a CarePlan should be created. 

> > Optional: As Care Provider 2 is evaluating the Task, it may create a new Task (a sub-Task that is based on the first Task) containing a Questionnaire for Care Provider 1. As soon as Care Provider 1 provides the response, Care Provider 2 re-evaluates to first Task. This cycle can be repeated. The reason for cycles of (short, incremental) Questionnaires (or conditional segments in a Questionnaire?) is that if Care Provider 2 evaluates the first response (e.g. inclusion criteria for the Task) it might reject the Task without Practitioner 1 having to answer additional questions.

Reviewer: "first Task" is ambiguous, "main" Task? And/or we define the term.

Add that the same authorization rules (who may update the subtask) apply as for the main/first Task?

Specify when subtasks can be created/updated for the main/first Task. Or if there's no restriction, specify that.

#### Updating CarePlan and CareTeam
The CarePlan Service is responsible for updating the CareTeam and, for convenience, the CarePlan.activities. This transaction is triggered by a Task creation or update at the CP-Service. 

> The CP-Service evaluates the Task update (is state transition allowed?). The Task state determines if the Task.owner should or shouldn't be a participant in the CareTeam (see the table below). Once a Task is completed or failed, the Task.owner remains a participant, but the (active) period is ended. Active CareTeam.participants are authorized to access patient data at other CareTeam.participants. Inactive (period is ended) CareTeam.participants can access the Tasks, CarePlan and CareTeam. Other Care providers can just access their Tasks. (for more info see [security-authorization](authorization.html))

Reviewer: (out of scope for this PR)
Maybe we should have a terminology section at the top, so we can use CPC and CPS as abbrv.

> The CP-Service evaluates the Task update (is state transition allowed?). The Task state determines if the Task.owner should or shouldn't be a participant in the CareTeam (see the table below). Once a Task is completed or failed, the Task.owner remains a participant, but the (active) period is ended. Active CareTeam.participants are authorized to access patient data at other CareTeam.participants. Inactive (period is ended) CareTeam.participants can access the Tasks, CarePlan and CareTeam. Other Care providers can just access their Tasks. (for more info see [security-authorization](authorization.html))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CP-Service evaluates the Task update (is state transition allowed?). The Task state determines if the Task.owner should or shouldn't be a participant in the CareTeam (see the table below). Once a Task is completed or failed, the Task.owner remains a participant, but the (active) period is ended, unless there are other active Tasks for the participant. Active CareTeam.participants are authorized to access patient data at other CareTeam.participants. Inactive (period has ended) CareTeam.participants can access the Tasks, CarePlan and CareTeam. Other Care providers can only access their Tasks (for more info see [security-authorization](authorization.html)).
```
